[Zirconia] What a beautiful planet.
A place we always dreamed about.
Earth.
At last, oh great Queen Nehalennia,
the time has come.
[gasps evilly]
-[bell chiming]
-[sighs]
[gasps softly]
THE DAY I RETURN TO THE 30TH CENTURY
[gentle music playing]
[Chibiusa] It's already April.
Usagi miraculously got into Juban High.
Mamo-chan got into medical school,
no problem.
And I grew to become
a great Sailor Guardian,
so I decided to go back
to the 30th century.
Father, mother,
I hope you are there when I get home.
Wow. So many people.
I know why. The news mentioned
there was a total solar eclipse today.
[Mamoru] The biggest of the century.
What's a solar eclipse?
It's when the new moon
goes in front of the sun.
And then covers it up for a little while.
[Usagi] So the new moon covers up the sun?
Here, use these special eclipse glasses.
[Chibiusa] Thank you.
[gasps]
[Makoto giggling]
The sun is starting to disappear.
I hope Usagi and the others
are watching, too.
We're lucky!
A total solar eclipse like this
only happens once every 1,000 years.
If it's so rare, do you think
if I made a wish, it will grant it?
My dream is to be a star!
I wish to be the biggest star
in the whole world.
[chuckles] Oh, Mina.
I wish to be a bride and get married.
My dream is to be happy
and raise a family,
while running a flower shop
or a cake shop on the side.
Why did you get two wishes?
Being a doctor is my dream.
And not just a good doctor, a great one!
My dream is to succeed my grandpa.
And one day
run the Hikawa Shrine by myself.
[gentle music playing]
[all] Ooh.
[Ami] It's starting to get a little dark.
[music turns ominous]
-[gasps softly]
-[bell rings softly]
-[Chibiusa] Is that a bell?
-[bell rings]
The sound is so clear and beautiful.
[bell rings]
[gasps softly]
[gasps]
-[bell rings]
-[both] Huh?
[male voice] Help me.
Please.
-[moan softly]
-[male voice] Beautiful maiden.
[neighs]
I finally found you.
[gasps]
Maiden?
[Mamoru] A pegasus?
[gasps]
Mamo-chan, you saw it too?
Yeah.
[clears throat, groans]
[both, alarmed] Mamo-chan!
Mamoru-sama!
I'm fine, just got light-headed for a sec.
[Mamoru] My chest. What was that?
[all gasping]
[clamoring]
[clamoring continues]
[Usagi]
The moon is going in front of the sun.
[Chibiusa] And covering it up.
[gasps]
[woman 1] Ladies and gentlemen,
the circus has arrived.
[woman 2] Behold the city of light,
full of hopes and dreams!
[woman 3] The place I imagined!
[woman 4] We've been waiting
for this moment for so long!
[voices] Look out! Ready or not,
here comes the Dead Moon Circus!
[circus-like music playing]
-[woman gasps]
-[girl] I can't believe what I just saw!
[both] Oh no, did you see
the same flash of lighting?
If they saw it,
then it wasn't my imagination.
[Mamoru] Something doesn't feel right.
Was that…?
…some sort of strange ship?
What's that all about?
The Dead Moon Circus.
If I'm not mistaken,
that's what they said.
-[crows crowing]
-Phobos? Deimos?
[gasps]
[crowing continues]
What is it?
[Ami] A flyer and the moon tarot card.
The moon card signals fear and deception.
[crowing]
[Ami] Phobos, Deimos,
what are you trying to tell me?
Mamo-chan,
does that ship mean trouble?
I don't know. But whatever happens,
we're going to protect this world.
So, you don't have to worry.
Right, Usa?
Huh? Of course we will!
He's right, Chibiusa. Just leave it to us!
We've got things here covered
so you can go home.
-Okay?
-Mm-hmm.
Well, if it was just you, I'd still worry.
But with Mamo-chan and the others,
it'll be fine.
-[groaning]
-Ha!
Having said that,
there are way too many people here now.
I don't think we can send
Chibiusa home yet.
-[Mamoru] Let's try agaiin later.
-[Chibiusa] Okay.
[Usagi] Where are you going? Wait up!
Hey. Mamo-chan, you see that?
[Usagi sighs]
"The mysterious Dead Moon Circus
from the Amazon jungle
makes their landing
during their world tour."
Huh. "Performing at Mamiana Sakaue Park."
That's real close by.
[Mamoru] The Dead Moon Circus.
That's interesting.
[sighs]
Hey, Chibiusa!
[gasps]
Chibiusa? Is something wrong?
What's this?
A glass kaleidoscope! Pretty!
Uhm, there's something
about this kaleidoscope.
Would you buy it for me?
Yeah, me too!
[both] Get it for me, please!
[sighs]
This seems cute, too.
You're really insecure, you know that?
[Usagi] Grr. [gasps]
[both] Mamo-chan!
Here you go.
[chuckles softly] I love it. Thank you!
I'll cherish it forever.
[giggling] It's the first time we receive
magic gifts from Mamo-chan.
Yeah!
[Usagi] Uh oh.
Still looks kind of crowded around here.
Chibiusa, go back tomorrow morning,
'cause if you go late tonight,
it'll be dangerous.
Okay, I'll stay.
[giggling]
But if that's going to be the case,
I have a favor to ask, Mamo-chan.
[Chibiusa giggles]
Sleepover!
And Mamo-chan lent me some comfy jammies.
What's up, Mom? I'm just over here
at Mamo-chan's. Studying right now.
Really! I might just spend the night.
Don't wait up!
[twinkling echoes]
[Chibiusa] Wow.
-So pretty.
-I always wanted a kaleidoscope.
[both grunt]
Time for bed.
We're getting up at 5:00
to make sure Chibiusa gets home.
[crying] No!
Usa, why don't you head home?
It's time for us to wind down.
[moans]
[both] But I don't want to go home!
[groans]
[switch clicks]
-[giggling]
-Oh, grief.
I swear, once I'm raising my own daughter,
I'm gonna be the strictest dad ever.
Little kids have got it easy.
They get anything they want.
[sighing] I wish I could be
little again like Chibiusa.
[moaning] I hate being little like this.
I want to be big!
A tall and beautiful woman!
Then Mamo-chan will see me as a grown-up.
Fat chance.
Don't forget he's a future dad.
-[gulps]
-Could you please just go to sleep?
[Chibiusda] What I really want
is to be like Usagi.
I wish my legs
were long and thin like hers.
And my chest was soft.
And I had silky hair like she does.
I wish I was like Usagi.
Right now.
[gentle music playing]
Trouble sleeping?
[gasps] No, I'm fine.
Tomorrow you'll be back in the future.
[Chibiusa gasps]
Could you tell me a story?
-[Mamoru] A story?
-A bedtime story.
At home,
Mommy would tell me one every night.
[Chibiusa]
There was the ancient city that sank,
they mystery of the pyramids,
and a diamond that was cursed.
[trembling]
[Chibiusa] She had stories
about robots and vampires,
and a world beyond the mirror.
I don't know that one.
[Chibiusa] Beyond the mirror,
on the other side,
there is a whole other world of darkness.
That's why you shouldn't look in a mirror
on the night of the new moon.
If you do, you'll get sucked
into the mirror world and trapped forever.
No, I won't be able to look
at a mirror at night again!
Thanks a lot, Chibiusa! Good night!
-Hmm.
-Scaredy-cat.
You're more grown-up
than she is, you know?
[gasps] Really, Mamo-chan?
You mean it?
[sighing] Oh, I hope so.
I can't wait to be a grown-up.
[Zirconia] The sun has been shining
too bright for these old bones.
I feel much more at ease at night.
For our circus to flourish in the city,
it seems to me
that we'll have to act quickly.
You agree, Zircon?
Did you hear what I said, girls?
Were you listening?
Yeah, we heard you, old lady.
Ha! Uh! Ha!
We four are the Amazoness Quartet.
We're ready.
We won't let anything get in our way.
You can count on us. Hyah!
[chuckles] Our circus is a tight ship.
I bet even a bug won't get in.
And don't forget to make sure
the entrance is sealed shut.
[Palla-Palla] Behold the cursed orb
that has been passed down to us!
The Amazon stone!
Tama-no-Kouburi!
[whooshing]
[soft mumbling]
[male voice] Maiden. Fair maiden.
[Chibiusa] Maiden. Could it be?
[gasps]
What's this?
I'm riding a pegasus?
Fair maiden with beautiful dreams.
Maiden? You really mean me?
I'm a fair maiden?
[gasps]
[gasps] Oh, wow!
Do you like the view, sweet maiden?
Mm-hmm.
[gasps]
[Chibiusa] What's that dark area?
[pegasus] That's a part of your city.
What? You mean that's
the Juban Shopping District?
Why is it like that?
[gentle choral music playing]
[gasps]
[bell ringing]
[sighs, gasps]
Please hold out your hands.
Okay.
[gentle music continues]
A bell!
[pegasus] If you should ever need me,
ring that bell and it will summon me.
But I don't know who you are.
I'm a pegasus. My name is Helios.
Fair maiden, I will help where I can.
But I'm in need as well.
Please, fair maiden, lend me your powers.
My powers?
I wish to save Elysion.
I must have the Golden Crystal.
[panting]
Helios!
[grunts]
Small Lady, are you doing okay?
I'm fine. [grunts]
[clanging]
[gasping]
So it wasn't a dream.
[snoring softly]
[door opens]
[moans softly] I had a weird dream.
[grunts] About that pegasus and Chibiusa?
Oh, wait, you mean you had the same dream?
[gasps]
Mamo-chan, look!
[Chibiusa] I'll go home by myself.
-Don't worry. I'll be back to visit again.
-Huh?
Bye.
From Chibiusa.
What's the matter?
[sighs]
I don't want to go back.
[gasps]
My name is Helios.
I wish to save Elysion.
I must have the Golden Crystal.
[Chibiusa] The look he had in his eyes.
He was pleading, desperate for help.
[sighs]
What is it, Small Lady?
[grunts]
[Chibiusa] O Guardian of Time!
Tear apart the heavens
and open wide for me
the Door of Space and Time!
I hereby summon thee by thy true name!
O Omnipotent God of Time!
Father of the Guardian! O Chronos!
Please, guide me on my journey!
Protect this lone traveler!
Grant me the path of light!
-[dark whoosh]
-[gasps]
[both scream]
[clanging]
-Small Lady!
-[Usagi] Chibiusa!
[Diana] Usagi-sama, Mamoru-sama!
The Space-Time key isn't working!
-[Diana] What does this mean?
-[bell ringing]
[neighing]
[Helios] Maiden.
It's Helios!
Lend me your powers!
The pegasus!
[Chibiusa] Usagi, Mamo-chan.
Help the pegasus!
I don't care if I can't go back!
He needs us! He's desperate!
I've got to help him! I feel it!
[both gasping softly]
[Palla-Palla]
There's something. I can sense it.
Someone attempted
to break through our barrier.
I'm quite certain of it.
It sounds like we need to investigate.
[door squeaking]
[whip strikes]
Go, kitty. Tora no me-chan.
Be a good tiger
and catch whoever it was by the tail.
[roars]
So that pegasus was named Helios
and he wants to save Elysion
and he needs a Golden Crystal to do it.
[Usagi] Is that right?
Mm-hmm.
[Mamoru] Elysion.
I think I've heard that before.
The pegasus Helios. Who is he?
-[gasps softly]
-[Luna] He's one thing.
The Space-Time key not working is another.
[beeping]
-[clamoring]
-[Artemis] What's going on?
Something must've happened.
[beeping]
A tiger has escaped from the circus
and is now running loose
in the Juban Shopping District.
-Tiger?
-Residents have been asked to evacuate.
I've got to help!
Right!
Hmm!
Usa! Chibiusa!
[grunts]
[gasping] Not again. The stabbing pain.
[panting, grunting]
[growling]
-Chibiusa, time to transform!
-Yeah!
Moon Cosmic Power!
Moon Prism Power!
-Make Up!
[silence]
Huh Eh? Huh? Ah?
-Ooh.
-Hmm.
[roars]
[both] Huh?
-[both screaming]
-[roaring]
[screaming]
[both groaning]
[roaring]
[growling]
[low growl]
[gasps] Why can't we transform?
[both gasping]
[ethereal music playing]
The Holy Grail!
[Usagi]
The first time the Holy Grail appeared,
was when the Nine Guardians
combined their powers.
But three who were there that day,
are gone now.
Still…
[Chibiusa]
…we have to fight, no matter what.
[Usagi] Look, my heart broach
is overflowing with power!
[Chibiusa] So is mine! It's changing too!
[uplifting music playing]
[Usagi and Chibiusa! Moon Crisis!
[both] Make up!
[uplifting music soaring]
The Pretty Guardian in a sailor suit.
Guardian of Love and Justice!
Super Sailor Moon!
Super Sailor Chibi Moon!
And now in the name of the Moon…
[both] …I'll punish you!
-[low growl]
-[Usagi] Stop right there!
-[grunting]
-[Usagi and Chibiusa gasp]
[grunts]
Tora no me-chan, good work
finding our naughty little suspects.
[snaps]
So it's you who tried
to break our barrier.
How dare you?
[gasps] We what?
We are going to destroy you.
Tama-Yobai!
Go, Lemures, o stuff of nightmares
and let's get them!
-What?
-[yelp]
And go!
[screaming]
Without a weapon, Chibiusa,
I don't think we'll be enough!
[giggles]
The bell!
[Helios] I can help
if you summon me, fair maiden.
[gasps] Helios!
Call my name and shout these words:
-"Twinkle Yell!"
-[gasps]
[screaming in pain]
Maiden!
[gasps]
I summon you, Helios! Give us a weapon!
Please!
Helios, Twinkle Yell!
[neighing]
[high-pitched screams]
What?
-[grunts]
-Super Sailor Moon!
[gasps]
[Usagi and Chibiusa] A kaleidoscope?
[both gasping]
[Helios]
Those are your crystal kaleidoscopes.
You heard their call
because you're connected to them.
The Moon Kaleidoscope
and the Chibi Moon Kaleidoscope.
[echoing clang]
[grunts] Go, get them!
[high-pitched screams]
[thrilling music playing]
[both] Moon Gorgeous! Meditation!
[thrilling music continues]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[gasping] Super Sailor Moon!
Super Sailor Chibi Moon!
[both] Mamo-chan!
What truly brilliant power.
As expected.
Helios!
[straining] Helios.
[Mamoru] That name,
I feel like I've heard it before.
[muffled] Are you okay?
-[body thuds]
-[gasp]
[Usagi and Chibiusa, gasping] Mamo-chan!
[heavy breathing]
Any idea who the heck they are?
Nope, haven't got a clue.
Let's ask The Mirror.
I bet it can tell us something about them.
Like, maybe what their secret dreams are.
[Usagi] Get a grip, Usagi.
You need to be a grown-up now.
[Chibiusa] I can't handle this.
I'm glad I'm still a kid.
Your two wishes are heard.
Since the beginning of time,
what someone really wants
is always the opposite of what they say.
Gyaku-Tama!
-Let's get him to the hospital.
-Mm-hmm.
[both] Huh? Ah!
Huh?
Chibiusa?
Usagi?
[both screaming]
[Queen Nehalennia] Ah!
Intriguing.
That is the power
of the legendary Silver Crystal.
It would appear that those
of the White Moon Kingdom
have been reincarnated.
What will you do?
Do not be concerned.
I'm well aware of who they are.
I have not forgotten
the White Moon Kingdom, my queen.
I know they are our hated enemies.
[Queen Nehalennia] Good.
Let their nightmares take hold.
I must have the legendary Silver Crystal.
I need it.
As you wish.
[evil laughing]
[Mamoru] I can't breathe.
There's something in my chest.
-[both gasping]
-Mamo-chan!
[grunts] Usa.
Chibiusa.
-You're awake!
-Oh, thank goodness.
[grunts]
Usagi! Chibiusa!
How is Mamoru-san?
-Hey, girls.
-He's better. He's just waking up.
[all] Huh?
Huh?
[all gasping]
Why did Usagi-chan get so tiny?
And why is Chibiusa big now?
[both] Don't know!
Seriously?
Seriously! Like I said, I don't know!
Me and Chibiusa went after
that escaped circus tiger.
Then enemies showed up.
-Circus tiger?
-Must have been from…
…that strange Dead Moon Circus.
-Now I'm really suspicious.
-[knocking on door]
[both] Huh?
Hello, Mr. Chiba.
We're ready for your chest X-ray.
Hi, Mom.
-[all] You're Ami-chan's mother?
-You're so pretty!
[chuckles softly]
[Mamoru] A shadow?
We found something on your lungs.
I recommend we run more tests.
All right.
[Usagi] Mamo-chan.
Anything I can get you?
No, I'm okay.
-Usa?
-Huh?
Sorry for putting you
through all this right now.
You've got enough to worry about.
But, listen,
the Dead Moon Circus and those girls,
they're trouble. We have to do something.
You're right.
[both gasp softly]
[both chuckle]
[both] This is throwing me off a bit.
[grunts]
-Mamo-chan!
-[grunts] I'm okay.
I just… need to rest.
[grunts]
Usa.
Lately, it seems
all I am is a burden to you.
Huh?
[Mamoru] My power.
It isn't a fraction of what yours is.
If anything,
I'm just standing in your way.
Sometimes I worry that,
you'll always have to save me
or take care of me.
And that's not what I want for you.
[gentle music playing]
-[breathing softly]
-[Usagi] Mamo-chan.
Any time there's trouble,
I manage to drag you into it.
You get hurt and end up suffering.
Maybe you'd be better off without me.
I can't let you go, Mamo-chan.
I love you.
My dream is to be by your side.
Just like this. Forever.
[Chibiusa] It doesn't matter
how much I love him.
I know Mamo-chan is my future dad.
[Chibiusa] And the one he loves is Usagi.
What's wrong, Small Lady.
Don't call me small,
I'm stuck in this big body.
Huh. Just lady, then.
Much better.
[Chibiusa]
The maiden Helios is looking for,
is it really me?
-Maiden.
-Oh!
Helios!
Oh, my.
Look at you. You're beautiful.
You are the maiden
I've been searching for.
It's not real. This has to be
the circus girls' fault.
Circus girls? It must be them.
This seems like their doing.
Helios, you know these enemies
I'm talking about?
How? Who are you?
I am… Hmm.
No, I can't tell you yet.
But, please, believe me. I need you.
I need your power.
You dream beautiful dreams,
protected by moonlight.
A princess and a guardian.
You are the chosen maiden.
Helios!
I don't think I'm the maiden
that you're looking for, Helios.
I think it's someone else.
[twinkling]
[Helios] My prince.
Please, forgive me.
I couldn't protect Elysion.
And now you suffer.
I'm sorry.
[sighs]
A dream?
-[beep]
-What's that?
A strange aura surrounding
the Juban Shopping District.
Could it be a barrier?
-[woman] Ami.
-[gasps]
Remember to keep calm, and have a plan
for anything an enemy may throw at you.
You're the brains
of this whole operation, Ami-san.
[Ami] Setsuna-san.
[door opens]
Welcome home.
You're still awake? It's 1:00 a.m.
Did you eat?
I did. I made sure to make something.
[sighs] You're such a good,
responsible girl.
I know I can trust you.
So I'm constantly leaving you alone.
I'm a bad mother.
Mom…
[Ami] My dad is a Japanese painter.
He didn't get along with my mom,
so they split up.
Still, when it's my birthday,
Dad always sends a funny postcard.
[chuckles softly]
If he were here, I think Dad
would agree with Mom
and tell me to start acting
more like a kid.
[Ves-Ves] Tora no me-chan.
Taka no me-chan.
And my cute little Uo no me-chan.
How would you feel
if I turned you all into humans?
-[cawing]
-[growling]
-[giggles] Oh, sweeties.
-Hey, Palla-Palla.
[giggles] Tama-no-Koshi!
Oh?
Hmm?
Oh, wow!
We're actually human now!
We're really truly human!
At last it's our turn to shine.
Aah, I'm so excited!
As part of our Dead Moon Circus troupe,
show them what we've got!
If you do well, you may even
earn yourselves a reward.
Leave it to Tiger's Eye.
I'm a true artiste.
I got this.
You can count on me.
As you can see, I, Hawk's Eye,
have a timeless, intrinsic beauty.
And, Fish Eye, I'll do my best too!
[all] Yeah!
Good to hear.  So, show me
who's going to impress us first.
[giggling]
Please, allow me,
Fish Eye, at your service.
Reveal to me, my little mirror,
show me one with dreams full of light.
[chuckles] Bingo.
Looks like she controls water
just like I do.
[rain pattering]
Hmm?
When did this tropical fish store open?
[gasps] So pretty!
It's like an underwater reef.
You know what they say
about people who are drawn to water?
It means they're dealing
with lots of stress and frustration.
[gasps]
[Palla-Palla] Having a pet fish,
watching him swim can help.
Why not take this little guy home?
[giggles] He's cute.
Why not? I think my Mom would like a fish.
[giggles evilly]
[rain pattering]
[Ami giggling] Looks a lot like
the fish on this postcard from Dad.
You know? I bet Mom will be surprised.
[water gurgling]
[moans softly]
Mom?
[gasps]
[man] Is your daughter still awake?
What if she hears us?
Studying is all she cares about.
So I don't care and neither should you.
[chuckles]
[pensive music playing]
[gasping]
Mom…
[gasps] It's me!
Daddy! Daddy!
[father] All your mom cares about is work.
And all you care about is school
and getting good grades.
-So I'm leaving.
-[gasps]
Daddy!
[Ami] Why did you go, Dad?
Don't you and Mom understand?
-[laughter]
-Usagi-chan!
[Chibiusa] The three of us
are our own family.
-[Usagi] Means we don't need anyone else.
-[all laugh]
[Uo-no-me chan] Oh, they look so happy.
[splashing]
Feel and smell, there's no need
to hold back with me.
You are jealous of them, aren't you?
Admit it, it's okay.
Tell me the truth.
Trust me. [giggles evilly]
[Ami] Yes, the truth is,
my deepest dream is just to be loved
by someone, anyone!
[gasps] No!
Get ahold of yourself, Ami.
This isn't real!
Usagi-chan, you copy?
-[Usagi] Ami-chan? Ami-chan!
-[gasps]
-[electricity crackles]
-[Usagi] Ami-chan!
[groaning]
[gasps]
[evil laughter]
You now belong to me.
[screaming]
[Ami] This isn't real. It's a nightmare.
Yes, a sweet dream
from the evil Lemures is a nightmare.
But if you give in and stop fighting,
it will comfort you.
[Ami] This is peaceful.
I want to sleep and float here forever.
-[voice] Princess.
-[gasps]
Princess Mercury.
[Ami] What's that? Who's calling me?
You're me!
Yes, I am a part of you.
You can't stay here. Please, wake up!
Don't forget your true dream
and what you really want!
[Ami] My true dream?
What I really want?
[gentle music playing]
[gasps] That's right, there are a lot
of people I love and who love me, too.
I want to make memories with them,
to cherish them and to protect them.
It's why I study so hard.
And why what I really want,
my true dream,
is to be the best Sailor Guardian I can
and protect them all!
What?
[Ami] Because that's who I am!
[gasps softly]
[upbeat music plays]
Mercury Crystal Power!
Make Up!
[upbeat music soaring]
Protected by Mercury, planet of water.
Guardian of Wisdom!
I am Sailor Mercury!
Repent and douse yourself in water!
[grunts]
Mercury!
Aqua Rhapsody!
-[glass shatters]
-[high-pitched screaming]
No one should be able to escape
the Lemures nightmare!
Mercury!
Usagi-chan! Chibiusa-chan!
Let's transform and see what it happens!
Yeah!
[both] Moon Crisis!
Make up!
-Super Sailor Moon!
-Super Sailor Chibi Moon!
[roars]
[ethereal music playing]
[Usagi] Let's go, Chibi Moon!
[both] Moon Gorgeous Meditation!
[thrilling music playing]
[screaming]
[Palla-Palla] Fish-eye!
Somehow they managed
to break my Gyaku-Tama spell.
This is getting interesting.
Mercury!
Thanks for coming.
So good to see you back to normal.
[Chibiusa]
Usagi is so strong and beautiful.
-Everyone knows she'll save the day.
-[giggles]
We did it!
[Chibiusa] I've always known.
Even if we both have the same weapons,
and the same legendary Silver Crystals.
[gasps] I don't compare to her at all.
Twinkle Yell!
Maiden.
Helios, you were wrong about me!
The maiden you're looking for
is someone else.
It isn't me!
-What? Who's Helios looking for?
-Oh…
I seek a fair maiden
whose beauty matches her dreams.
She is a princess and a guardian,
protected by moonlight.
And she possesses the sacred gem that
can unlock the seal of the Golden Crystal.
[gasps]
[crying]
So is this maiden you seek Sailor Moon?
Sorry, I mean, as Princess Serenity?
Sailor Moon,
you're also Princess Serenity?
[sobbing]
[Usagi] Chibi Moon!
[both gasp]
[Chibiusa] When he called me maiden,
I got butterflies in my stomach
and felt so happy.
But I'm not the maiden he needs.
I'm powerless, I'm small and I'm useless.
I'm nothing.
[gasps] Helios.
I hope one day the time will come
when I'll be the one you need.
Some day,
when I'm a great Sailor Guardian.
When I'm grown and pretty.
Some day, when I'm as good as her
and my dream has come true.
[Chibiusa crying]
[poignant music playing]
[moans softly]
[poignant music rising]
Please, don't cry.
There's no need for tears.
You're very important and dearly needed.
Love is all around you.
I hope you can feel it.
So, please don't cry.
I can't hold on to this form much longer.
But I promise you this,
our paths will cross again,
my fair little maiden.
[Usagi] Chibiusa!
-[Ami] Chibiusa-chan!
-There you are.
[sighs] Thank goodness!
It's wet. Let's go.
[gasps]
-Chibiusa?
-[gasps]
[gasps] Huh?
[Chibiusa] Helios. Was that really you?
-[grunts]
-[Queen Nehalennia] Well, well.
Quite an impressive feat,
breaking free
of my binding spell like that.
But do not forget that you
and this place belong to me now.
And soon the Earth and everyone on it
will be mine as well.
So try and mind your manners.
[evil laughter]
You may have conquered this land
and take me prisoner,
but you haven't crushed
my spirit or my heart.
The prince and princess will prevail!
They'll reclaim this land
and vanquish your evil!
Mm. You insolent pest!
[grunts]
[Helios groans] I must…
find the Golden Crystal quickly.
Or else, Earth is next.
Hino, what's wrong?
You seem to be hesitating.
I know.
[Usagi] Rei-chan!
With your nose in a book like that,
you look like Ami-chan.
Huh? "How To Run a Shrine"?
[sighs] Grandpa thought he had a cold,
but he's ill.
Between that and this recession,
I'd like to run things more efficiently.
Could you hire some help?
Not a chance! Labor is expensive.
I know just the thing!
What about a grandson-in-law?
What?
Rei-chan, I know you're not as into boys
as some of the rest of us are,
but hear me out.
Don't think of it as a marriage.
Think of it as simple business arrangement
where you get a whole lot of free help.
Make him do all the hard work
to see what I mean,
and then you get to do whatever you want.
-A free husband helper!
-Husband… helper?
That doesn't sound like it would make
for a strong relationship.
On the subject of relationships…
[both] I want a boyfriend!
-New subject, please.
-What?
That's what high school girls
are supposed to talk about.
Girls, don't forget. Tomorrow's the day
the Dead Moon Circus opens.
It's about time.
Bring it on. We're ready.
Ugh, it hurts so much.
I think this could be the end for me.
-Namu Amida Butsu.
-Grandpa.
That's Buddhist, and we're Shinto.
[girl] Hello? My friend and I
would like to buy some love knots.
Sure!
-Here you go.
-Thank you.
I hope this gets him
to finally notice you.
I hope so, too.
Look at those two.
Does getting a boyfriend mean that much?
[both] Absolutely!
[wind gusting]
I wish to be a bride and get married!
Being a doctor is my dream.
My dream is to be a star!
[Rei] My dream
is to one day take over from Grandpa.
And run the Hikawa Shrine by myself.
That's supposed to be my dream, isn't it?
But, what if it's something else?
-[cawing]
-Oh.
[cawing]
[gentle piano music playing]
[cawing continues]
You seem to be hesitating.
Hmm.
[cawing]
[gentle piano music continues]
[Grandpa] My dear Rei,
you came to this shrine
before you even started school.
[Rei]
There are crows in your yard, Grandpa.
That's common here in the city.
[gasps]
Phobos! Deimos!
What'd you say?
Those are their names.
This one's Phobos
and the other one is Deimos.
That's what they said.
[Grandpa]
You were such a mysterious child.
Rai, I know you'll go at some point.
You'll leave the nest one day
and fly somewhere you truly belong.
I just don't know when that day will come.
Or where that might be.
-[fireworks popping]
-[upbeat music playing]
[both exclaim]
[clown] We've got tickets here!
It's the Dead Moon Circus!
You don't want to miss
all the fun, everybody!
[Minako] Ten thousand yens for A Seats?
-That much?
-Rip-off!
At those prices, they must be enemies!
We three will check out the perimeter.
Okay!
So many fun things to do!
Hold your horses,
we're not here to have fun!
Mamo-chan,
can we please ride the go-karts?
I wanna ride too!
Usa, we're not here to play, remember?
[Makoto] This is a bit disappointing.
To be honest I'm not sure it was worth
bringing Phobos and Deimos.
Let's patrol and see what we can spot.
Sounds great!
Yes, I spot an ice-cream stand!
Minako-chan, that's not what I meant!
But I spotted it!
So where were you thinking of going?
I think I'll watch people
coming and going at the main gate.
Great, I'll circle back to you later.
-[mother] You really liked it, huh?
-[girl] Yeah!
[father] In that case,
I'll ride with you this time.
[Rei] Funny, haven't been
somewhere like this in a while.
It feels nice.
That's what the circus
is all about, silly.
[gasps]
Mirror House?
Oh…
-That was so much fun!
-It really was.
I'll just take a peek.
[high-pitched giggling]
[ethereal music playing]
What dragged into our trap?
Looks like the Mirror House
has a new guest.
This should be lots of fun.
Tama-Yura!
[music turns ominous]
[cawing]
[footsteps echoing]
[gasps]
No reflection. I wonder how they did that.
Must be some kind of mechanism.
[child] No, it's not.
It isn't a trick, either.
[gasps]
Pleased to meet ya. I'm you.
What? Me?
[child] I'm going to reveal to you
your heart's inner most desire.
-[high-pitched giggling]
-Oh, shoot.
This is a trap!
[chuckles] Well, I'm sure you remember
I was younger than this when Mom died.
And Dad was busy with politics
and couldn't be bothered.
So he would dump me
on Grandpa all the time.
It was very unfortunate.
I was not a happy child.
That's the reason,
I want to be happy as a grown-up.
[giggling]
Akuryo-taisan!
[tense music plays]
Grr.
-I know.
-Hmm.
I may have to kiss
a few frogs here and there
who aren't exactly my type.
[gasps]
But in the end I'll find a rich,
handsome man to marry.
He'll be my prince
and I'll be taken care of.
That's what women really want.
Getting stuck with some
musty old shrine will be awful.
[Rai] I heard enough. It's time to leave.
Mars Star Power!
-Make--! [gasps]
-[loud crash]
[groans]
I can't transform.
Did I say the wrong words or something?
[gasps] Transform…?
-[giggling]
-Who was I trying to transform into?
Why did I come here to begin with?
[grunts]
[ominous music plays]
[giggling evilly]
Lemures, let's get to work.
Here lies an unfortunate young lady
with a beautiful dream.
Let's take her heart.
[high-pitched giggling]
[scream]
-Sorry, kitties, but no.
-[cats] Come on!
-[grunts]
-Meow!
Shoo! Shoo! Off you go.
And now, without further ado,
time to start the Dead Moon Circus.
[dark carnival music plays]
[cheering]
[laughing]
[dark carnival music continues]
[grunts, giggles]
[giggling]
-[snaps]
-Ha!
[high-pitched giggling]
[Zirconia] More…
More power.
That's it, my Amazonesses!
Gather what we need to revive
Queen Nehalennia!
[chuckles]
[cackling]
[Luna] The nerve!
They got tons of animals.
What's wrong with cats?
[Artemis] I wanted to see the circus.
[cawing]
Huh?
[Artemis] A mirror house?
That wasn't there earlier.
Come on, you two.
[both] Mm-hmm.
[chuckles evilly]
I'd say it's about time to harvest.
[glass shatters]
[grunts]
[echoing] Mars.
[echoing] Princess Mars, wake up.
[moans softly] Who are…?
[delicate piano music plays]
[gasps]
[moans]
What happened?
[Rei] I let that spell deceive me.
That's not who I am. I'm better than that.
Pull yourself together, Rei.
[both] That's right.
We knew you could do it, Princess Mars.
Who are you?
-You know me as Phobos.
-And I am Deimos.
[both] Time to transform.
Here is your Mars Crystal.
A Mars Crystal.
My Mars Crystal.
[upbeat music plays]
Mars Crystal Power!
Make up!
[thrilling music playing]
[twinkling]
Protected by Mars.
The planet of fire. Guardian of War!
I am Sailor Mars!
In the name of Mars,
I'll chastise you!
[gasps] Curses!
[Rei] I feel fire
rushing through my body again.
Why did I ever hesitate?
I am the Guardian of Fire!
I vow to be pure and pledge myself
to Princess Serenity.
To protect her, this planet,
and my friends is what I really want.
That's my true dream,
so I'm going to stop hesitating.
I'll fight!
Ha! Not so fast.
I am a true artiste. Take me on!
[echoing laughter]
Hmm!
-[gasps]
-Behold my many facets.
With so many me's on display,
think you can spot the real one?
[laughter]
-[woman] Rei.
-[gasps]
You possess great skills
along with the keenest of senses.
When an enemy
is threatening to overpower you,
stay focused.
Lock out all distractions.
Concentrate with your heart and soul.
Then let your arrow fly!
Mars!
[explosion]
Flame sniper!
[thrilling music continues]
[grunts]
[groans] My dream!
It's destroyed!
[high-pitched screaming]
-[gasps]
-[all gasp]
[groaning]
What's going on?
That girl beat Tiger's Eye!
Another one? We must stop them! Argh!
Why? Why do I have to go ride
the go-karts by myself? It's not fair!
Not three times in a row!
Yes, but you're a high school student,
you should be able to drive yourself.
Argh! It doesn't matter if I can drive,
why do yo get to hug Mamo-chan?
-Blah, blah, blah.
-I'd love to come here with a boyfriend.
-Yeah, me too.
-Hmm!
-Guys!
-[all] Huh?
[Ami] Rei-chan?
[cawing]
So there was another enemy
but you fought them off?
Yeah.
And it seems the more you hesitate,
the deeper they can get into your heart.
Seems like we're up
against something despicable.
[Mamoru] This whole place must be a trap.
This entire circus.
The Dead Moon Circus.
[Rei] No matter what,
we must expose their evil plan.
That's right.
It's up to us to protect everyone.
[screaming, groaning]
I hate those Sailor Guardians!
They're even more annoying
than I heard they'd be.
I still can't believe it.
They beat Tiger's Eye so easily.
It interrupted our performance.
[grunts] We're gonna make them
pay for this big time.
Yeah? How?
What if we set an even bigger trap
that destroys the whole circus?
If that happens, we're the ones
the old lady is gonna tear apart.
She sure will. So let's think this through
slowly and carefully.
Plan their demise
and have fun while we're at it.
Don't forget this was only
the premiere of Dead Moon Circus.
We've only just begun.
[Helios] Please don't cry.
[twinkling]
There's no need for tears.
[Chibiusa]
That was the last time I saw Helios.
[rattling softly]
[sighs]
[gasps softly] Oh, Helios.
You haven't shown up for a while.
How come?
Is the beautiful boy I saw your true form?
If so, why are you sometimes a pegasus?
Hmm!
Chibiusa!
You're gonna come down for your snack?
I'm trying to process something.
I'm not hungry.
What?!
[Usagi] Seriously? But Mom made
her famous chocolate cake!
Are you sure you don't want any?
Hmpf.
[Chibiusa]
I'm not hungry but I'll still eat it.
Hey, are you going somewhere?
Mamo-chan is still really sick.
He's even been missing
his university classes.
So I thought he might like a little visit.
-You wanna come?
-[gasps]
[gasps] Mm-hmm. Nah.
Really? That's a surprise!
-[Usagi] Okay, then. Bye.
-See you later.
[door closes]
[Chibiusa] What's wrong with me?
Since Helios kissed me,
I can't stop thinking about him.
I want to help him so badly.
I wish there was someone I could talk to.
Usagi has tons of friends she can talk to.
It's not fair!
[Diana] Remember, Small Lady,
you're still a Guardian in training.
You shouldn't compare yourself
to Usagi-sama.
I know, I know.
[Chibiusa]
Someday I'll be a great Sailor Guardian.
With my own friends fighting by my side.
I hope that day comes soon.
[grunts]
[coughing]
[retches]
[gasps]
[door opens]
-Mamo-chan
-Usa.
[giggles]
How are you feeling today?
I was worried
you might not be eating enough.
So I made you a bento.
I brought drinks, too, if you're thirsty.
-[Mamoru] Usa.
-Hmm?
Could you please leave?
Oh…
I was just about to get some sleep.
Oh… sure.
I'll leave now. No problem.
[Usagi] Sorry, didn't mean
to barge in so suddenly.
Bye, sleep well.
[door closes]
[Mamoru] I can't let her find out.
[coughing]
Looks like we've found a shadow.
[Mamoru] What's wrong with me?
With my body?
Usa, I can't keep being a burden on you.
Mamo-chan.
[Makoto] Geez, it's everywhere.
The circus has come to town
and taken over.
[Rei] Juban used to be  a nice area,
but now the trash is piling up.
It is messy. Circuses bring crowds.
All the more reason to fix this.
[exhales] It's so hot out here.
[Ami] Let's go home.
-[Chibiusa] Mako-chan.
-Huh?
Oh? [panting]
Hey there, Chibiusa.
Um…
Mako-chan, would it be okay
if I talk to you about something?
Of course. Don't be nervous,
you can talk to me about anything.
What is it? Is it a boy?
[gasps, mumbles]
-[laughs]
-She's on to me!
[belly grumbles]
Well, the rumbling tummy has spoken,
so I'm making you dinner.
-Yay!
-[chuckles softly]
Hmm? What's that smell?
[moans softly]
-[door opens]
-[wind chimes ring]
-Oh.
-Hello there.
-Welcome.
-Um, this shop.
[Makoto] Has it been here long?
Well, today's the grand opening,
so not long at all. [chuckles]
[gasps]
You have quite a variety.
I stock every herb you can imagine.
Wow!
To tell you the truth,
I've dreamed of having a shop like this
ever since I was an itty-bitty thing.
Aw, so your dream came true!
Ah, it didn't come true. I realized it.
Realized your dream?
Oh, my, yes. I made it happen.
And I'm not done yet. There's a lot more.
I, uh…
-Huh?
-I… have the same dream.
One day, I'd like a shop of my own.
Like a little flower shop or a cake shop.
Wonderful!
Now, work hard and make it happen!
-[gasps]
-Just set a goal for yourself.
And keep going till you reach it.
Oh, wait, I almost forgot.
Here you go.
I wanted to give each of you
a special present
for being my first customers.
Wow. What a beautiful ring.
[Taka-no-me chan] It's a charm.
To ward off evil spirits.
And can help
make your other dream come true.
My, uh… other dream.
[Chibiusa] Mako-chan.
I chopped up the tomatoes. Now what?
Great job.
Now, add some basil to finish and toss.
-Basil?
-To bring out the flavor of the tomatoes.
-Ooh.
-[chuckles softly]
-[Makoto] And now, let's eat.
-Chibiusa] Let's eat.
-Hmm!
-Hmm…
[chuckles softly]
So good!
-[chuckles]
-Mako-chan, you're the best cook ever!
[Makoto]
A charm to make my other dream come true.
That shopkeeper was so kind and caring.
And even though they achieved their dream,
they sat out to do even more.
My parents died when I was very young.
-I've lived alone for a while.
-Thanks for dinner!
Get home safely!
That's why I want to get married
and start a family as soon as I can.
Eventually, I'll open a little
flower shop or cake shop, too.
Deep down, though, I want more.
I want to be a beautiful woman
like Michiru-san.
I also want to be strong like Haruka-san.
I've got lots of dreams.
But,
have I honestly put in
enough effort to realize any of them?
Since yesterday, I ate at Mako-chan's.
She made us a yummy dinner
flavored with herbs.
That's nice.
Oh.
At the shop where Mako-chan bought
the herbs, the store owner gave me this.
They said it wards off evil spirits.
But I thought it might also
help you get well.
Aw, thanks, Chibiusa.
Please, take care of yourself.
And be sure to eat, okay?
I'll do that. Cross my heart.
[Chibiusa] Okay, bye!
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-[coughs violently]
[exhales]
He promised me
he would take care of himself.
However, he didn't look very good.
Ah, I see. Thanks for checking on him.
I appreciate it.
Are you gonna go see him?
-Not today.
-[gasps]
[Usagi] I'm scared if I try,
he'll reject me again.
My guess is something must've happened.
You'll tell me when you're ready.
Right, Mamo-chan?
-[door opens]
-Huh? I know you.
Yeah, hi., Can I look around some more?
Of course you can.
What's wrong?
Did something happen?
[sighs softly]
Not exactly. I just can't tell my friends.
Thing is, I've got
lots of different dreams.
And I'm… confused.
Oh?
[Makoto] I'm worried.
What if as long as I'm a Sailor Guardian,
and fighting so much,
I won't be able to realize my dreams?
I'm afraid I don't know
if the path I'm on now
is the right one for me.
What the… What am I saying?
If you feel that way, why don't you quit?
-[gasps]
-Don't be a Sailor Guardian anymore!
-[high-pitched giggling]
-What are these things?
It's stuck!
Those are Lemures,
what nightmares are made of.
You're about
to burst yourself full of dreams,
that's why they're after you.
Just give in to them and join us
at the Dead Moon Circus.
-Dead Moon Circus?
-[cackles]
Come on, it'll be fun.
We'll sell nightmares all over the world.
[groans]
[dramatic music playing]
[chuckles evilly]
My powers…
[clatters]
[Jun-Jun] Poor thing.
Too late. No one can save you now.
The Amazon stone, Tama-Musubi has you.
At last, it's the end
of the Sailor Guardians once and for all.
[Ves-Ves] Huh. That was easy.
[voice] Jupiter!
[echoing] Jupiter!
[grunts]
Hmm!
-[slap]
-Ow.
What's the matter with you?
Are you gonna let them think
you're this weak?
You have a duty, a responsibility!
Without Superstrength Jupiter,
who's gonna protect your friends
and Princess Serenity?
Who's going to protect everyone?
That's right.
I am Superstrength Jupiter.
And I do have many dreams.
But right now, there's none more important
than being the strongest Guardian I can,
to protect those I love.
That's not just my dream.
It's my duty. Makoto.
Never forget.
Your only real enemy is yourself.
[Makoto] Yes, Haruka-san, I know.
And I'm not going to lose.
[chuckles softly]
Never forget who you are.
You're Sailor Jupiter.
[gasps softly]
[emotional music playing]
That's your Jupiter Crystal.
-Who are you?
-Really? I'm just another version of you.
I'll always be there.
So go get them, Princess Jupiter.
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[crystal shatters]
[all gasping]
Jupiter Crystal Power!
Make up!
[thrilling music playing]
[thrilling music soaring]
Protected by Jupiter.
The planet of thunder.
Guardian of Protection.
I am Sailor Jupiter!
I'll fill you with regret.
It'll leave you numb.
You guys are out of here.
No matter what it takes.
So, bring it on, Dead Moon!
[wind howling]
[all exclaiming]
[grunts]
Oak leaves.
The Emblem of Lighting and Thunder!
[chuckles softly]
Jupiter! Oak Evolution!
[yelps]
[both gasp]
[groaning]
Ready to give up?
Yes, it's the end.
The end of my dream.
-[gasps]
-Though I didn't get to do it long,
I got to run my own shop.
-[groans] I'm sorry.
-[gasps]
[straining] You go realize your dreams.
[sniffles]
Make them come true, no matter what.
[high-pitched giggling]
[moans softly]
[Usagi] Jupiter!
Usagi! Chibiusa!
[grunts]
They seriously get on my nerves!
Yeah, we're not with them yet.
-[panting]
-They're the real enemies.
-[bell ringing]
-[gasps]
The bell rang!
-It's Helios!
-[gasp]
Helios is warning someone's in danger!
[gasps]
Mamo-chan!
-Chibiusa.
-Mm!
-[electricity crackling]
-[grunting]
-Mamo-chan!
-Helios!
-Let's go!
-Right!
[thrilling music playing]
[both] Moon Gorgeous Meditation!
[music crescendos]
[grunts]
[high-pitched giggling]
Sweet maiden. [grunts]
-Helios!
-Mamo-chan!
-Mamoru-san!
-[coughing]
[coughing]
-[both gasp]
-Mamo-chan!
-Don't look.
-[gasps]
[Usagi] Blood?
Since when have you been
coughing up blood?
I've had a pain in my chest
for a little while.
[grunts]
And the doctors saw something in my lungs.
It is now time
to reveal all
my human form is as Priest of Elysion.
I am Helios.
I've never heard of Elysion.
[Helios] Elysion can be found
deep within the Earth.
It is a sacred place
that protects the planet.
Think of it as the planet's heart.
I must protect both the Earth and Elysion,
as well as you, Prince Endymion.
I am no mere priest.
I am your Guardian Priest, my prince.
Wait, what? Guardian Priest?
Not only does Elysion's energy
protect this planet,
it flows through me,
as we are one and the same.
Myself and Elysion. My prince and planet.
We four are connected, body and soul.
We were made to resonate with one another.
However,
that connection is taking
a devastating toll.
[beam rattling]
What's a black rose doing in my chest?
-[Chibiusa gasps]
-Oh, Mamo-chan!
There's a cursed black rose
inside my chest as well.
It is a sign that Elysion is weakening.
Sadly, my prince,
this affliction has both of us.
[gasps]
But I have yet another curse.
My body has been transformed
into that of a pegasus.
And is now being captive in Elysion.
All because of a kingdom sealed
in the darkness of the new moon
and its ruler, Nehalennia,
queen of the Dead Moon.
[both] Dead Moon? [gasp]
Silver Millennium,
known also as
the White Moon Kingdom, fell to ruin.
Nehalennia was revived as the power
sealing her within faltered.
As she's grown stronger,
she has cursed Elysion.
Then, during the recent
total solar eclipse,
she came to Earth, with evil minions
ready to do her bidding.
Princess Serenity… No, Super Sailor Moon!
Use the legendary crystals,
both the Silver and the Golden,
to save our existence from this nightmare!
-[all gasp]
-[twinkling]
Helios!
-[coughing]
-Mamo-chan!
-[gasps]
-No, don't get near me.
[moans]
[straining] This curse…
might infect you too.
-[grunts]
-I won't leave you.
I know you feel the pain of this planet.
[gasps]
And I know how that feels,
because I feel your pain!
[gasping]
I'll find a cure for you!
No matter what it takes!
[Usagi] Mamo-chan, I don't care
how hard it gets, I'll never leave you.
We're going to get through this together.
Usa.
[Usagi] I will save this planet,
the man I love,
and everyone else, no matter what.
[gentle music playing]
Helios…
[Ami] So, in order to save Earth
from the Dead Moon,
we need this Golden Crystal?
Yeah, but it's not just Earth,
it's also Mamoru-san, Elysion,
and Helios.
Well, Usagi is taking care of Mamoru-san
so we need her by our side,
so we can protect everyone.
-Hmm.
That's right.
Yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
[Minako] Except that…
[panting]
[grunts] Venus Planet Power! Make up!
[wind gusting]
[Minako] Yup. Still can't transform.
And I haven't told the others, either.
[Artemis]
You'll transform again, don't worry.
You're super powerful,
you're the Sailor Guardians'
one and only leader.
I know.
You're right, it's no use worrying.
[sighs] I think I'm gonna go take a bath.
Good girl.
[Artemis] Don't stress, Mina.
Just wash it off and keep growing
more beautiful by the day.
Seriously, it's like you're becoming
the goddess Venus herself.
[Minako] The one and only leader.
Yeah, you're right. I am the leader.
I'm sure my powers will come back.
[Cere-Cere] Oh my.
What if those annoying Sailor Guardians
can't seem to transform anymore?
[grunts] Every chain has a weak link
and every litter has a rat.
Our standard show bores me lately.
Should we use her to host
a special circus event? Something fun?
Oh yeah, totally.
Xenotime! Zeolite!
-[beam crackles]
-[clanging]
Fear not, ladies. Leave everything to us.
The Amazon trio was incompetent,
we're nothing like them.
[chuckling evilly]
[Minako] Wow. Sure is hot, isn't it?
And this town seems
to be getting rougher by the day.
Are they fighting?
-[grunts]
-This heat is getting to everyone.
Oh, hey.
-Is that…
-Michiru-san's mirror.
I've borrowed it from Chibiusa.
Things have felt so unsettling lately.
I thought it could help us out.
Perhaps it could lead me
to the source of all of this.
Well, the circus is one source.
It's filled Juban with a strange air.
But there may be more
than just the barrier.
[Minako] Barrier? Could that be
why I haven't been able to transform?
-Mina.
-Oh. [laughs]
Oh, I'm fine.
So, tell me more about this barrier.
Did you discover it all on your own?
That's impressive.
Yup, using the program I got
from Setsuna-san.
[helicopter blades whirring]
Any time I hear a chopper,
I can't help but think of Haruka-san's.
How cool would it be
if we had a helicopter of our own?
-[Minako] That's five.
-[all] Huh?
That's how many times
you've mentioned today alone.
Five times.
There's no use
talking about people who aren't here.
-Mina.
-But it'd be great if they were here.
We could count on them.
So I'm a useless leader,
is that what you mean?!
We never said anything like that!
You're acting so weird, Mina.
[angry] So what if I'm weird?!
I'm fine with being weird, you hear me?!
-[sobbing]
-[all] Mina!
[Minako] I'm the absolute worst.
A total failure as a leader.
[crying]
[sobbing]
-Pardon me.
-[gasps]
Have you ever wanted to be a pop idol?
[Artemis]
Mina, what on earth are you thinking?
You can't go in by yourself.
You can't even transform.
Shush, Artemis!
I'm not done. I know this is one
of the Dead Moon's traps.
[Minako]
But I'm the leader, so I have to carry on.
I am Sailor Venus, I can follow my passion
and fight at the same time!
[indistinct chatter]
Welcomes, ladies!
Right this way.
The audition will be held
in the tent just outside.
[Minako] A jungle?
[gasps]
First up, we'll be testing
your survival skills.
Our audition today
is based on a narrative.
Each one of you
will play the heroine of a story.
The goal is to reach that tower
and save the kids at the top.
That's no place for children.
The winner will receive five million Yen
and get to make her debut as a superstar!
-So let's get started!
-[clamoring]
Ha! That's it. Get all that energy out.
The Lemures will transform that passion
according to your dreams,
into the seven delicious nightmares.
-[panting]
-Everybody calm down!
-Don't hurt each other!
-Stand back! I'm gonna with this thing.
[panting]
No, wait!
-[boulder clattering]
-[gasps]
-[rumbling]
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
Jupiter!
Yeah, you won't go alone again!
-That's right.
-We're all in this together, Mina.
Mars! Mercury!
[high-pitched giggling]
-[screams]
-[Ami] Mina, transform!
Venus Planet Power!
Make up!
-[all] Mina?
-Oh, no.
I still can't transform!
I'm gonna head in first!
[Makoto] Mina!
[panting]
[gasps] Oh, no!
[high-pitched giggling]
How dare you
take advantage of their dreams?
[grunts] I won't let you!
-No!
-[all gasp]
Unless I'm mistaken, you three ladies,
aren't here for the audition.
Try anything stupid
and the life of the one
who can't transform, won't be spared.
Do you understand?
Now, come, my Lemures, and devour
the Sailor Guardians once and for all.
-[chuckling evilly]
-[grunting]
[grunts, pants]
-[children crying]
-It's going to be okay.
[cries turn into giggling]
It's a trick! [screams]
[grunts, whimpers]
[whimpers]
[Ves-Ves] Congratulations!
You found your way to the jungle,
climbed the tower
and rescued the children at the top!
That means you win.
Now you're just
one step away from stardom!
The last part of the audition
is the Lemures special treasure hunt.
[high-pitched giggling]
No, no, get away!
I'm hers now.
[giggling]
You are now inducted
as a member of Dead Moon.
Now go back to your friends,
get the legendary Silver Crystal,
and bring it to us.
Yes, the legendary Silver Crystal
will soon be in Dead Moon's hands.
[giggles evilly]
[grunts]
[meowing frantically]
Wake up! Now!
What? Artemis!
[grunts]
[screaming]
Artemis!
[straining] No! Ouch, my arm!
She and kitty are having a good time.
I want to play too.
Tama-Arare!
-[loud crackle]
-[both gasp]
[loud thud]
Artemis, no!
[whimpering] Artemis.
[sobs]
[Minako]
It hurts… My whole body is aching.
[sobbing] This is agony. Oh, Artemis.
Our hearts are entwined.
Always beating as one.
You were my better half.
[thud]
[gasps]
[straining] It just occurred to me…
[grunts] …I figured out
why you can't transform.
It's my fault, Mina,
because I'm a… a bad partner.
No, you're not.
[emotional music playing]
[Minako]
Suddenly, I'm feeling a burst of power.
My connection with Artemis.
It's stronger now.
Stronger than it's ever been!
[emotional music rising]
This is your Venus Crystal, Mina.
Now, transform!
Venus Crystal Power!
Make up!
[thrilling music playing]
[thrilling music soaring]
Protected by Venus, the planet of beauty.
Guardian of Love!
I am Sailor Venus!
And now allow me to punish you with love!
Venus!
Artemis!
Oh, really?
You tormented me
and tried to exploit my dreams
so I'd become scum like you!
So get ready,
'cause here comes my whip of love!
Venus!
[thrilling music continues]
[chuckles]
Love and Beauty Shock!
-[gasp]
-[groans]
How dare you?!
-[yelps]
-[grunts]
Hiya!
[screams]
[all gasp]
[giggling] Hey.
[all] Venus!
You are able to transform!
Sorry about earlier.
Everything's all good now!
[all chuckle softly]
That's right.
[Minako] Artemis,
it's all thank to you.
Mina.
-Damn it.
-Hey, the party's not over yet.
The Amazoness Quartet
is about to turn thing up a notch.
-Palla-Palla!
-Oh, yeah, I'm on it.
Tama-Kazura!
-[loud thud]
-[all] Huh?
-[rumbling]
-[all scream]
[giggling]
We are descended
from legendary Amazon warriors.
The strongest warriors in the jungle!
[all] We are the Amazoness Quartet!
You're the Amazoness Quartet?
The true power of the jungle,
it's rain and it's heat!
And the cursed stone of the Amazoness,
which has been passed on though the ages,
known as the Amazon Stone.
Are about to be activated by the vast and
all-consuming darkness of the new moon.
[all screaming]
[grunting] Too much!
No, Mina!
[Minako] It's too much!
I need to be stronger.
I must defeat this enemy and find
a way to protect those I cherish!
[Minako] Power, come to me!
[gasps]
[Chibiusa] The air feels strange.
And there isn't one star in the sky.
Hmm. Is this the enemy's doing?
Helios.
[door closes]
[gasps]
-[coughing]
-[knocking on door]
-Usagi, you're back so late.
-[coughing]
-Is Mamo-chan doing okay?
Yeah, he seems all right.
[coughing]
Usagi…
Queen Nehalennia. It is time.
[high-pitched giggling]
The power of all the nightmares
we have accumulated
will turn this world
into a planet of death!
[music crescendos]
["Moon Color Chainon"
by Momoiro Clover Z playing]
["Watashitachi ni Naritakute"
by Yoko Ishida playing]
[voice] Surely some revelation is at hand.
Surely the Second Coming is at hand.
The Second Coming.
Second Coming.
Hardly are those words out,
when a vast image  out of Spiritus Mundi
troubles my sight.